Protocol number DNDi-CH-E1224-003    
 May 04, 2018.  Version 5.0.   
Confidential  Page 37 of 87 
 
4. SELECTION OF PATIENTS 
Adult patients >18 and <50 years  and weight >50 kg to <80 with serologic tests 
confirming a diagnosis of T. cruzi infection will be selected to participate in the trial.  
The following screening criteria are designed to select patients for whom the protocol 
treatment is considered appropriate. All relevant medical and non -medical conditions should 
be taken into consideration when deciding whether this protocol is suitable for a particular 
patient. Eligibility criteria may not be waived by the investigator. Any questions re garding a 
patient¶V eligibiliW\ VhoXld be diVcXVVed ZiWh DNDi¶V medicall\ TXalified WUial manageU SUioU Wo a 
patient¶V enUollmenW. 
4.1. Screening criteria 
 
x Signed, written informed consent form 
x Age >18 to <50 years 
x Weight >50 kg to <80 kg 
x Diagnosis of T. cruzi infection by: 
o Conventional serology (a minimum of two positive tests [Conventional ELISA, 
Recombinant Elisa and/or Indirect Immunofluorescence (IIF)])  
x Ability to comply with all protocol specified tests and visits and have a permanent 
address 
x Patients must be residents of areas free of vectorial transmission (Triatoma infestans). 
For this protocol, it will be accepted the status of Vectorial Transmission Interruption or 
Consolidation as per the definition of PAHO/WHO, or the Local Health Program.  
x No signs and/or symptoms of the chronic cardiac and/or digestive form of CD 
x No acute or chronic health conditions, that in the opinion of the PI, may interfere with 
the efficacy and/or safety evaluation of the trial drug (such as acute infections, history 
of HIV infection, liver and renal disease requiring treatment) 
x No formal contraindication to BZN (according to the Summary of Product 
ChaUacWeUiVWicV) and E1224 (accoUding Wo Whe InYeVWigaWoU¶V BUochXUe) 
 Note: The contraindications described for Benznidazol and E1224 are essentially 
hypersensitivity to the active ingredient or any excipient. In the case of hepatic or renal 
impairment or blood discrasia, the medication should only be administered under strict 
medical supervision. During all the treatment period, the blood count will be monitored, 
Protocol number DNDi-CH-E1224-003    
 May 04, 2018.  Version 5.0.   
Confidential  Page 38 of 87 
 
with special attention to leucocytes. Subjects will be indicated about the need of no 
alcohol intake. 
x No history of hypersensitivity, allergic, or serious adverse reactions to any of the 
³a]oleV´ comSoXnd, and/oU iWV components 
x No history of CD treatment with BZN or NFX at any time in the past  
x No history of systemic treatment with itraconazole, ketoconazole, posaconazole, 
isavuconazole, or allopurinol in the past  
x No history of alcohol abuse or any other drug addiction (as specified in the Study 
Manual of Operations) 
x No condition that prevents patient from taking oral medication 
x No concomitant or anticipated use of drugs that are either sensitive CYP3A4 substrates 
and/or extensively metabolized by CYP3A4 with a narrow therapeutic range (as per 
Appendix 2) 
x No medical history of Familial Short QT syndrome or concomitant therapy with 
medications that can shorten the QT interval (as per Appendix 2) 
x No family history of sudden death 
x No family history of sudden infant death syndrome 
 
4.2. Inclusion criteria 
Following the screening period, patients must meet ALL of the following inclusion criteria 
to be eligible for randomization:  
x Confirmed diagnosis of T. cruzi infection by: 
o Serial qualitative PCR (three samples collected over a single day, at least one 
of which must be positive) AND 
o Conventional serology (a minimum of two positive tests must be positive 
[Conventional ELISA, Recombinant Elisa and/or IIF)  
x Women in reproductive age must have a negative serum pregnancy test at screening, 
must not be breastfeeding, and must use a double barrier method of contraception to 
avoid pregnancy throughout a clinical trial and for 3 months after completion of the trial, 
in such a manner that the risk of pregnancy is minimized especially during exposure to 
Protocol number DNDi-CH-E1224-003    
 May 04, 2018.  Version 5.0.   
Confidential  Page 39 of 87 
 
treatment.  Women who are using oral, implanted, or injectable contraceptive hormones or 
mechanical products such as an intrauterine device with a hormonal component are 
required to use an additional barrier method of contraception for the time period specified. 
x NoUmal EKG (PR ”200 mVec, QRS <120 mVec, and QTc •350 mVec and ”450 mVec 
inWeUYal dXUaWionV in maleV and QTc ”470 msec in women) at screening. 
 
4.3.  Exclusion criteria 
The presence of any of the following will exclude a patient from trial randomization: 
x Signs and/or symptoms of chronic cardiac and/or digestive form of CD   
x History of cardiomyopathy, heart failure, or ventricular arrhythmia.  
x History of digestive surgery or mega syndromes. 
x Any other acute or chronic health conditions that, in the opinion of the PI, may interfere 
with the efficacy and/or safety evaluation of the trial drug (such as acute infections, 
history of HIV infection, diabetes, uncontrolled systolic/ diastolic blood pressure, liver , 
and renal disease requiring medical treatment). 
x Laboratory test values considered clinically significant or out of the allowable range at 
selection period as follows: 
o Total WBC must be within the normal range, with an acceptable margin of +/- 
5% (3,800 ± 10,500/mm3). 
o Platelets must be within the normal range up to 550,000/mm3 
o Total bilirubin must be within the normal range 
o Transaminases (ALT and AST) must be within the normal range, with an 
acceptable margin of 25% abov e the upper limit of normality (ULN), <1.25 x 
ULN. 
o Creatinine must be within an acceptable margin of 10% above the ULN, <1.10 
x ULN. 
o Alkaline phosphatase must be within the normal range up to Grade 1 CTCAE 
(< 2.5 x ULN) 
o GGT must be within the normal range up to 2x ULN. 
o Fasting glucose must be within the normal range 
o Electrolytes (Ca, Mg, K) must be within the normal range 
x If the results of the blood tests (hematology and biochemistry) are out of the ranges 
defined above, but within the limits of CTCAE (version 4.03) Grade 1, and the laboratory 
Protocol number DNDi-CH-E1224-003    
 May 04, 2018.  Version 5.0.   
Confidential  Page 40 of 87 
 
finding is considered as non -clinically significant, a new sample can be collected for a 
retest. Only one retest will be allowed within the screening period.  
x If the result of retest is within the margins defined above, the Investigator will review the 
parameter(s) together with all other medical information available (medical history, 
clinical examinations, vital signs, etc.) and upon his/her medical judgment will decide if 
the patient is eligible or not for trial randomization. 
x Any condition that prevents the patient from taking oral medication 
x Patients with history of allergy (serious or not), allergic skin rash, asthma , intolerance, 
sensitivity or photosensitivity to any drug 
x Patients with any contra-indication (known hypersensitivity) to any nitroimidazoles, e.g. 
metronidazole. 
x Any concomitant use of allopurinol, antimicrobial, or anti-parasitic agents. 
x Any planned surgery likely to interfere with the trial conduction and/or treatment 
evaluation 
x Unlikely to co-operate with the trial 
x Any previous participation in any clinical trial for Chagas Disease treatment evaluation   
x Participation in another trial at the same time or within 3 months prior to selection 
(according to local regulations) 

